if you are a pretty consistent thread throughout all of the work I've
done both in the navy in civilian life is trying to find a better use
for high performance computing infers simulation especially as we
run out of money in the government to get tasks done in them or the
most expensive parts of any activity at government included on personnel
expenses so if I can replace a person with a computer I'm in good
shape right now the problem I'm trying to solve is we need more senior
people who are able to do more mentor for younger people coming
up through the ranks and we have a lot of very senior people are about
to pass from the scene and we will lose all of their wisdom that
they have gained over the years so we're trying to record their wisdoms
we can pass on to future generations